hey guys what's up today I got a pretty
exciting review for you guys this is a
review of the digitize 02 a portable
headphone amplifier and subwoofer with
four months of usage i'm pretty sure i
can give you guys my final thoughts and
review you guys might be wondering what
the heck's a headphone amplifier i've
never heard of one of those well
basically what it does is it grabs the
audio from a source whether it be your
phone or your mp3 player it grabs it
cleans it up and it just makes it a lot
nicer sounding a lot more high fidelity
not only that but it'll power headphones
or power-hungry headphones that you
can't really use with a regular audio
source some headphones out there have a
higher impedance which causes it to not
work as well with things like a phone so
you need some extra juice and this will
supply that now this isn't just for
headphones that need high power or
anything like that this thing works
great with the headphones that cost
thirty dollars or even headphones that
cost up to four hundred dollars start
off this guy might be a little bit
expensive compared to some other
portable headphone amplifiers this guy
sells for a hundred to a hundred and
twenty dollars online and that is
actually pretty expensive compared to
something like the Pheo e7 or e 11 which
costs fifty to eighty a hundred dollars
somewhere around that now the thing
about it though is the feos are actually
a lot bigger they're probably double in
thickness or maybe even a little bit
more than that than this guy but the
thing is when you have something small
like this it's usually considered worse
or when you know more wimpy it's just it
can't power headphones well although
that may be true with this guy this guy
should be able to power most of your day
to day headphones now although the Pheo
e7 and e 11 can power headphones better
this guy felt have has a lot better
fidelity in its audio it just produces a
lot richer and crisper audio alright so
now i'm going to show you guys how
exactly this works up here is the top
you guys will notice that we have an
input and an output here's the input so
you input the source like my galaxy
nexus and it outputs to headphones right
here so let me just kind of set this up
for you guys so here we have it set up
so this is how it works it works as a
middleman so it'll go it'll grab the
audio source whether it be a phone mp3
player ipod it doesn't matter as long as
it has a 3.5 millimeter headphone jack
it'll grab it bring it to
though which will then clean up the
audio mop it up it just works as a
cleaner it it grabs the audio just makes
a lot crisper any sort of hisses or
anything like that they're completely
out of the way this guy just rocks
through the audio and just makes it a
lot lot better then from there it'll out
put it to your desired choice whether it
be speakers whether it be headphones
like here I have the klipsch image s5
eyes they don't have to be expensive
headphones either you guys will notice a
solid improvement if there are twenty
ten or even ten dollar headphones even
if there's skull candys you guys will
notice a solid improvement the even
cooler thing about this guy's that has
32 different equalizer presets 32 that's
that's insane think about all the
different settings you can have with
this thing it literally gives you the
option to get your music to the perfect
way you want to listen to it so the way
you turn it on is it has this little
dial here on the side you just press it
in and there we go right now we are in
the mode of the subwoofer controls it
starts off on green that's the lowest
setting and here's the equalizer is
pretty flat you guys will notice that if
you're in this setting you are only
going to use this if you're listening to
music that doesn't necessarily need a
lot of bass if you guys want to listen
to some female vocalist or anything like
that everything's just gonna sound super
super crisp from this little guy but as
you turn the knob up you guys will see
it'll change colors that will go into
more of a yellow then we'll turn kind of
more into an amber and then pretty soon
we are at red now this is where stuff
gets crazy literally when you're in the
red zone base is super punchy you can
make the crappiest or the flattest of
headphones become huge bass or little
subwoofers even it's insane just how
much bass is pumped out of this little
guy right here in this setting right
here is perfect for all bass heads and
then whenever I listen to some drum and
bass or dubstep or anything like that
now I want a lot of bass I definitely
have this in either the amber or red
region just because I know I'll get that
extra punch e non muddy very deep nice
bass going ahead and clicking this right
here the little side button clicking it
in you get two more options here are the
gain setting so right now seeing the
blue this is the lowest setting this is
where most headphones should be in for
most headphones out there until you
start getting into the 300 400 500
headphones you don't need that much
power for the headphones themselves so
basically here we have this this is
where most earbuds or typical headphones
on the market would be like my a THM 50s
don't have to be powered that much they
do have to be powered a little but not
that much then if we turn it up you guys
will see that it starts changing to more
of a purplish color so now we're in the
purple zone you guys can't really see
this the camera can't really capture it
but you guys can see that that's purple
right there and once you're in the
purple zone this is where you start
powering some of the higher-end
headphones if we bring it up even more
we'll turn the gain up a lot more once
we get to the pink it has a huge jump in
volume because you have that gain up so
freaking hi this is where you would use
this for high-end headphones that need a
lot of power to be well powered in most
conditions you won't be using this
unless you guys have some really power
hungry headphones usually you'll be in
the blues and purples this is really for
if you have some really high end spect
headphones not only that but when you
are in the setting you won't get really
that much battery life I only get about
five to eight hours which is a lot less
than the regular settings but otherwise
this guy pumps a lot of juice for such a
small package now of course with every
product there are cons the main kaun
that I found to this guy is where the
input and output jacks are located I
would have rather seen the output jack
down here and I'll show you guys that
right now when you have it set up like
this you guys aren't really going to
want to have to put this on here stick
it in your pocket like this and have the
headphone part come out this way it just
doesn't make that much sense and it's
not really practical what I would have
loved to see is have this in the output
down here that way it becomes more part
of the cable rather than intrusive part
of the system so in the end is this guy
worth the expensive price point compared
to like the Pheo e7 or 11 well i gotta
say yes although the Pheo e7 and 11 may
be able to power headphones better than
this guy cam this guy's fidelity and
overall richness and deepness in overall
awesomeness of the audio is just superb
like seriously even again like I said
this even if you have crappy headphones
this makes your audio quality tenfold
it's insane just how much better
this makes your audio from such a small
little package and even that like I said
before this is a lot smaller than other
portable audio rigs that you guys can
get out there whether you travel allow
or even if you like listening to music
at home this guy will be pretty much
perfect for any situation you need it in
I hope you guys enjoyed this review if
you did make sure to give it a thumbs up
down below subscribe somewhere up there
comment down below and all that fun jazz
I hope you guys enjoy it and as always
have a nice day bye